For those unaware, I'll make it quick : ContentApple originally made this mod and it ran horribly, so I did a complete rewrite (I was going to give him the code but he's a vibecoder, you can find this in the screenshots) and posted it. He responded in a toxic manner and is now denying he did, so anything that has been or is at risk of deletion is going here.

# 1. DMCA Threat
DMCA threat he was on about, **only the *start*, not the whole argument** like he claimed it was.

# 2. Fails to call me a slur
Shows complete misunderstanding of how DMCAs work, 
not knowledgeable yet trying to act superior. 
Bonus : **He thought bloke was a slur** for the British, not only failing to realise I'm Hungarian, 
but also **embarrassing himself in an attempt of racism.**

# 3. Initial response + Lied about it not being toxic
His initial response. **He purposefully left out the second half of the bottom comment** in his "response" 
where he WAS being extremely toxic, calling my mod *"vibecoded slop"* and passively aggressively trying 
to *suggest it's a virus* despite the public source code by saying it's the only mod I have made. 
(Ironic, later screenshots will show he is a vibecoder and that half his mods are actually Google Gemini's)

# 4. Slur usage + dodgy performance metrics
**Usage of a slur** (not sure of his ethnicity, he could be black but was using it derogatorily in this post regardless). 
completely **disregarding people trying to say his mod was running poorly.** Instead of taking it as criticism to update 
(as of this post, he had already released his current version) he proceeded to call people "idiots" and lie about performance.
Bear in mind he only ever states his GPU, not his CPU. This game is very CPU heavy, it hardly affects GPU. **Mine runs 
better on average**, as seen in other screenshots.

# 5. Second response + my response
His "response". Just in case he deletes it, you've probably already read it. Go read it, it is full of lies and exaggerations 
made obvious by this folder of screenshots. He contradicts himself constantly.

# 6. DMS
All of our DMS as of 11/03/26 9:30AM. Basically says the same thing as before, key part is where he says *"you can't say the mod 
is inspired while also attacking the mod I made and my coding skills"* I never attacked his mod, I only said the truth: It ran poorly, 
extremely poorly for such a small mod (which I had to fix before he even tried to fix his own). And I can insult "his" coding, as the 
next screenshots will show comments where people say my one runs faster even now, and him vibecoding.

# 7. Proof mine runs better on average
People defending my performance. For the record, I do not know any of them and you can check for affiliation yourself. Most of them 
are a higher level on steam than even I am and I never sent anyone to say this. Note 7C where he basically admits poor performance 
by saying *"your monitor probably isn't even 60fps so who cares"*. Really? Disregarding 200fps drops for a simple hover mod because 
you assume your fans are poor? Fucked up lol

# 8. He is a hypocritical vibecoder
Proof of his vibecoding. Images speak for themselves, *he doesn't know how to code* and this is proof. I'm insulting him for it because 
he tried to use it as an insult first on me when I am anti-AI (see image 3)

# 9. Extra Proof of toxicity - Player reached out
While in the comments of a post talking about the mod's poor performance (ran into it by pure chance), a person who also wanted to investigate the mod's poor performance shared their brief interaction with ContentApple, where he was being unreasonably harsh and rude. This behaviour is unacceptable especially when being asked a fair question from a polite person.
PS. If anyone knows any more context or had similar interactions, let me know in my dms on reddit ty

# 10. Lying to justify his vibecoding
When I criticised him for vibecoding a separate mod (the one where I found out he was a frequent vibecoder), he claimed that his friend, Nitwitz, 
"made over 40% of the assets for Splinter" (the mod creator). Issue? The creator himself commented under the name "LordWolfi" (i'm guessing a name change, but you can find the OG mod on their profile) and debunked this. He just keeps lying, lying,
and lying! It's actually getting a little ridiculous, this is my third update of this document so far lmao.
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3680011296 (The mod in question, see it for yourself, also explains why he thought I was
harassing ContentApple, as without full context, it does appear that way on that mod alone. Please do not hate on LordWolfi as they seem like
an amazing person with a cool mod)

# Closing Statement. 
He's full of lies. Everything else speaks for itself, go read the comments yourself. I only deleted the ones on mine 
initially because they were spam and held no value, but I'm transparent which is why I attached screenshots of what I had already in 
images 1 and 2. Don't support him but don't attack him, he's clearly unsure what he's talking about
