# READ THIS FIRST
This is the (now deleted) post that prompted this folder. https://www.reddit.com/r/peopleplayground/comments/1rqgr4j/my_response_to_noxoreits_claims_against_me/
My response may seem "over the top" because it is. I did so as to wrap up the situation as fast as possible because
I was lacking the energy to continue going back and forth on this. This document **clarifies everything you may wonder.**

**Do not harass ContentApple.** He admitted already to **his alt being Slimeobe** in the thread in our private DMS which I will not
publish unless I need to as that contains other private conversations between us. He can post them if he wishes.
Although he did mess up and say things he shouldnt, **he does not deserve harassment.** This is solely to clear up anything
for those who are curious and want to make an informed decision on what they support.
**I believe he is capable of change and that he did not mean many of the things he said, this is for transparency.**

# Numbers correlate to the number of the image names, view them alongside this file.
# 1. DMCA Threat
DMCA threat he was on about, **only the *start*, not the whole argument** like he claimed it was.

# 2. Insulting with a "british slur" (??)
Shows complete misunderstanding of how DMCAs work, he did not understand how they work clearly. 
Bonus : **He thought bloke was a slur** for the British, not only failing to realise I'm Hungarian, 
but also **embarrassing himself in an attempt of using it as such.**

# 3. Initial response + Not providing full context
His initial response. **He purposefully left out the second half of the bottom comment** in his "response" 
where he WAS being extremely toxic, calling my mod *"vibecoded slop"* and passively aggressively trying 
to *suggest it's a virus* despite the public source code by saying it's the only mod I have made. 
(Ironic, later screenshots will show he is a vibecoder and that half his mods are actually Google Gemini's)

# 4. Slur usage + dodgy performance metrics
*Usage of a slur* (not sure of his ethnicity, he could be black but was using it derogatorily in this post regardless). 
completely **disregarding people trying to say his mod was running poorly.** Instead of taking it as criticism to update 
(as of this post, he had already released his current version) he proceeded to call people "idiots" and lie about performance.
Bear in mind he only ever states his GPU, not his CPU. This game is very CPU heavy, it hardly affects GPU. 
**Mine runs better on average**, as seen in other screenshots.

# 5. Second response + my response
His "response". Just in case he deletes it, you've probably already read it. Go read it, it is full of lies and exaggerations 
made obvious by this folder of screenshots. He contradicts himself constantly.

# 6. DMS
All of our DMS as of 11/03/26 9:30AM. Basically says the same thing as before, key part is where he says 
*"you can't say the mod is inspired while also attacking the mod I made and my coding skills"* I never attacked his mod, I only 
said the truth: It ran poorly, extremely poorly for such a small mod (which I had to fix before he even tried to fix his own). 
And I can insult "his" coding, as the next screenshots will show comments where people say my one runs faster even now, and him vibecoding.

# 7. Proof mine runs better on average
People defending my performance. For the record, I do not know any of them and you can check for affiliation yourself. Most of them 
are a higher level on steam than even I am and I never sent anyone to say this. Note 7C where he basically admits poor performance 
by saying *"your monitor probably isn't even 60fps so who cares"*. Really? Disregarding 200fps drops for a simple hover mod is just
admitting it's poorly optimised. Many people in both our comments have called this out, but most of the ones on ContentApple's mod
has been deleted by Nitwitz (not sure why he got himself involved)

# 8. He is a hypocritical vibecoder
Proof of his vibecoding. Images speak for themselves, *he doesn't know how to code* and this is proof. I'm insulting him for it because 
he tried to use it as an insult first on me when I am anti-AI (see image 3)

# 9. Extra Proof of toxicity - Player reached out
While in the comments of a post talking about the mod's poor performance (ran into it by pure chance), a person who also wanted to investigate the mod's poor performance shared their brief interaction with ContentApple, where he was being unreasonably harsh and rude. This behaviour is unacceptable especially when being asked a fair question from a polite person.
**UPDATE:** ContentApple reached out and said that he thought the guy was saying it as an annoying "FPS++" joke which he had gotten many of, I cannot
guarantee that it is the truth but it would be unfair of me not to let him defend himself.

# 10. Lying to justify his vibecoding
When I criticised him for vibecoding a separate mod (the one where I found out he was a frequent vibecoder), he claimed that his friend, Nitwitz, 
"made over 40% of the assets for Splinter" (the mod creator). Issue? The creator himself commented under the name "LordWolfi" (i'm guessing a name change, but you can find the OG mod on their profile) and debunked this. The lying is actually getting a little ridiculous, this is my third update of this document so far.
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3680011296 (The mod in question, see it for yourself, also explains why he thought I was
harassing ContentApple, as without full context, it does appear that way on that mod alone. Please do not hate on LordWolfi as they seem like
an amazing person with a cool mod)

# Closing Statement. 
He's said many questionable things and told many lies across this argument to make himself appear more credible. The images speak for themselves,
most of these images' contents are still up across the threads.
One more time: **DO NOT HARASS HIM.** I do not agree with the decisions he made and I do not have any interest in fully forgiving him, but
**that does not permit you to be rude to him, he has apologised to me in private and I am happy with that.**